hey guys fire Cort and here tonight I'm
going to be showing you a demo of our CP
12 system following to 1 meter Red
Dragons off one cube yes that's right
one Q so I'm not programming to Q storm
button I'm putting two igniters parallel
into one Q so uh before this we thought
that it can only do one of each queue
but we found out that it can actually do
up to two that's pretty nice so um we've
got a TNT spiral light here entertain t
crazy at all and this is the last pretty
much to last in my safe and sane stash
so I'm then probably the next firework
video you'll see is me blowing some
stuff up and put up Nevada so unless I
happen again some more stuff just a
little note here I think you all know
that I usually don't use zip ties I just
used tape because it's much easier and
zip ties are a little more inconvenient
but I had to make an exception che
because my friend and power brother Eric
Alma the owner of pyro boom hooked me up
with like 400 zip ties he's he was doing
a little contest and I happened to win
got six dr 11 tubes some zip ties hot
glue just like nice little pyro set and
these are really convenient to have
actually because although i do like to
take better these are always good to
have on hand because they don't take
take up as much space as a roll of tape
and they do give you a pretty pretty
nice connection so what we're just going
to do is what's a little weird with
these long tails on there i'm going to
just we'll just snip this
there you go and uh let's go on set it
up hey guys we are outside here we have
one unit osep 12 pro q 1 turn my
flashlight app off only bad thing about
having a touchscreen phone there we go
q12 red dragon igniters in there 3 meter
actually that's it one meter in the
first video but we are going to be doing
a per meter
just to show that this thing can send
charge for a long way we have our crazy
eyeball there and I spiral light here
let's back up let's get this part 2 guys
can hit q1 with 23 metering Niners
hooked up to a TNT spiral light and TNT
crazy i won in three two one go
yes
e
that's cool
that was awesome and we had success just
a little tip when you're firing to
igniters off 1q don't just hit the
button really fast and let go kind of
hold on to it until you see the second
one a night because to igniters do take
a lot of voltage and if you don't hold
on to it the system may not fire it so
just a little tip and fire fire Sam and
hopefully you liked my video tonight
have a great night our exam